This is our final e commerce project.
We're gonna have navigation and routing that takes us to different pages of categories of items and
from these items we're actually going to be able to add them to our cart and from our car.
We're actually going to see these things directly update and from this car we're gonna be able to checkout
increase or decrease these items again and see the live changes in both our checkout page and our car
page remove items and actually integrate with a stripe API so that we can handle payments.
Now this is actually going to be a test version of Stripe because we don't actually have items to ship
and we don't actually want to process real payments because this is just a portfolio project but the
matter of switching it is simply a change in the actual stripe website.
You're going gonna actually learn what it is to actually build using the stripe API and beyond that.
We're also going to integrate with firebase to handle our authentication and our storage.
So with firebase we're actually going to be able to authorize our users using Google so that we can
sign in with our Google accounts and once we sign in we're also going to provide a sign feature and
a sign up and sign in with email and password feature.
So it's gonna be a really fleshed out fully complete e-commerce platform just like you would build for
real e-commerce company.